Pam 256 toc tweaks (#264)
stoplightio/platform-docs: 4.-documentation/Sidebar/d.table-of-contents.md

### Items

> Items are links to articles, APIs, and model files located within the project directory or external links to content outside of the documentation. Use the `title` property to customize the title in the table of contents. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Items are links to articles, APIs, and model files located within the project directory or external links to content outside of the documentation. Optionally, use the `title` property to override the item's default title in the table of contents. 
```
